2019.09
# 4W
# English Diary

## Meta
- Author : Seolhun

## Story

### Two reading clubs

We made reading clubs with previous company colleages. The club name is DDA.DDO.HAM, 
In paraphrase, This means Splitting and Together. We made plan sharing and meeting rules.

One. Do all things asynchronous online
Two. Reading two books per month and two chapter per week. And share them to comment each others frankly and comfortably.
Three. We meet offline once per month to discuss and share something interested and trendy tech.

I thought we all have similar jobs and interesting. So the clubs is so good so far wihout any effort.
The other club is in my company. This is not getting started yet because someone moved and made clubs like game and movie anythings. I thought it it really good movements to grow and make good energy for all together. :)

Anyway, we will start this club this week. I suggested and we selected 'Thinking about thought' book. I expect read this soon.


### Excersise is not first job to me anymore

I try to up muscle and down weight then before. I spent doing this about 4 ~ 50 minutes three times a week.
When I was young, I spend much times about 2 hours everyday. But now, I don't need to muscle to work and spend much times for it.

The reason I changed my attitude is that I changed my major after graduation. It's so best choice so far, but too difficult. I restarted to study math and something logical thoughts. It took 3 years to adapt. I'm not good at them, but I try to up them everyday. 

Thanks to this, I felt that my skills improved over time. And it makes me try everything, Even if I'm not get a good result. I know that all is fine. Important things are that I learned them and from others and record all things I did for 4 years. Sometimes, I write post on my blog based on them. The Writing is so good to memorize and understand deeply what I did or how this works. I recommend them for you. Thnaks. :)

### Business card design

I designed my business card. Someday I have a plan to work as freelancer or in my work house.
so, I want to make a business card that introduces me, not a company.

I oftenly ask questions myself. and then I found the strange thing.
Why I give the company business card in personal meeting? I coudn't understand that giving the company business card to others in personal event. 
I work everyday without company that I'm in. so, I didn't change my goal and mission so far. but, The company is presented in my business card despite after work.

It really is strange thing to me. So I decided to make the my business card for me. and then I found somthing good it online. based on it, I designed my business card and then showed it my friends. All most them agreed my opinions and they want to make it too.

I don't know what is more good things then. but, I know that I will recommend it for who I meet.

